If I talk about Fox Health Insurance, then
every
year around 20 to 25 new health insurance
plans are launched in the health insurance industry. Every insurance company
tries and claims that its
health insurance plan is
different from all other health insurance plans, is unique and is a
revolution. Till now this comparison was going on
within the base policy, but now this
comparison has started within the super top-up
health insurance plans. ICC
Lombard has recently launched a new
super top-up plan and ICC
Lombard is claiming that
all those features and
add-on covers have been added in this plan which are not available in any other super
top-up plan. When I
first heard about this plan and
read it, I also felt that there are two-three features
in it which are not yet available in any other super top-up
plan. So,
watch this video till the end and
definitely see the entire plan. Also, share this video with
your friends and relatives.
If you have come to Insurance Seva for the first time, then
subscribe to Insurance Seva now and also press the bell icon.  Do this
so that you keep getting notifications of all my videos.
Fox, let's start this video
with a small introduction from me. My name is
Sandeep Singhal. I am a business
entrepreneur and co-founder of sea.com. The
objective of sea.com is to make you
aware about insurance and
try to resolve all your insurance related problems. So let's
start the video with ICICI Lord
's super top up plan called
Activate Booster. Activate Booster
is not available for sale in the market right now,
but by the time this video of mine is released,
that plan may be available for sale.
ICICI Lord has
added two-three such features in this plan
which are completely unique, rare
individual and can also be revolutionary. The
first feature among these is GDR.
GDR means Guaranteed Reduction Deducted.
Guaranteed Reduction Deducted means this.
First of all, let's understand the deduction.
I will give you a small introduction about the deduction plan.
Whenever you buy a Super Top Up plan,  When you
purchase a plan, there is a
mandatory add-on called the deduct option.
Deductible means the amount
you have to pay from your pocket or from the
base policy you have.
Suppose you take a deduction of ₹10 lakh
and a top-up of ₹90 lakh,
it means that the top-up of ₹90 lakh will be
useful only when your ₹1 lakh is already exhausted.
Here they have
given an add-on cover of GDR. GDR means Guaranteed
Deductible Reduction. That is, if you
add this add-on with your super top
plan and you take a deductible of ₹1 lakh,
for example, then the deduction will be reduced by ₹1 lakh every year, up to a
maximum of
₹1 lakh. You have purchased the policy today and
added GDR to it,
so next year your deductible will be ₹
1 lakh, then ₹7 lakh and ₹6
lakh.  And 5 lakhs means that your deduct amount is going to remain
at 50 in 5 years, in which
this fantastic and very rare individual
add-on cover has been added by ICC Lord in this, which will be
very beneficial for the customer.
Also, he has said that within this policy, there will be
an add-on, an inbuilt cover, which will be
called waiver of deduction. Between 55 years
and 65 years, you can convert your policy from
Super Topup policy to Base policy,
its condition is that
your policy should continue for a minimum of 5 years
and it is mandatory for you to have A in the policy before 50 years, that is, let's
assume
that you are a corporate employee, you
work somewhere, from there you have got a
corporate insurance of ₹ 10
lakhs and your budget is also
not that much that you can purchase a parallel base health
insurance policy, so if you
purchase this Super Topup, then
you will purchase it in a very small premium amount and
When your retirement
time comes or the time comes to leave the job, then
you can convert this policy, this super top policy,
into your base policy.
This is an inbuilt cover, not an add-on cover. Now let's
talk about the other features. First of all,
we will talk about the add-on cover in this plan. The
first add-on cover is Jump Start. Like
ICC Lombard's Elevate plan,
Jump Start will be a bonus cover in this.
If you are suffering from BP, sugar, hyperlipidemia,
obesity, or high cholesterol, or
asthma, if you travel, then
you can get cover for all these five diseases.
If you take Jump Start as an add-on cover,
this is the first such
super top plan with add-on cover where you
can get cover for five diseases from 31 days.
After that, claim protector has also been added to it.
Now there is a consumer rider. You
can also get your consumer items covered by taking the consumer rider. Inflation
product will be an add-on cover.
Your time cover will keep increasing according to inflation.
If you take this plan,  If you take the add-on, domestic air
ambulance is also an add-on cover here, just like
other ICC Loam Badar plans, if
you feel that you
need an air ambulance in your health
insurance plan, then you
can take it as an add-on and pay an additional premium for it.
Otherwise, you do not need to pay any premium for it.
If I talk about Activate
Booster, there will be a capping on room rent.
You will get an inbuilt single private AC room,
but
you can downgrade or upgrade it by taking room modified on cover. If
you move from a single private room to any room
category, then there will be a slight
premium increase, but if you
move to a twin sharing room, then you will
get a discount in the premium. So, this
is optional and customizable, you
can choose it as per your need. Dependent
accommodation as usual, as
was in the Elevate plan, will be available here as well, and
in Activate Booster as well. Here, if any of
your dependents is admitted
in the hospital, if you have taken this add-on, then
you will get a dependent accommodation of Rs. 1000 per day.  You will
get hospital cash for accommodation, whose maximum limit will be
10 days and
you will get this for minimum 9 days of hospitalization.
You can also add Compassion Net Visit in this,
with add-on cover the maximum limit will be
0,000. Nursing at home is
also an add-on cover in this, home care treatment
also has a limit of
₹ 2000000 will be covered. Wheel chair,
ventilator, suction machine, extras,
you can avail cover of many such durable equipments in
this plan.
If we talk about the basic features of this plan,
first of all there are sum cover options, where
starting from ₹ 1 lakh,
you can take sum cover up to 4 crore 90 lakh in this plan. Options of 15 lakh, 20 lakh, 25 lakh,
50 lakh, 85 lakh, 90 lakh, 95 lakh, 1 crore, 3
crore and 4 crore 90 lakh
are available in this plan.  Now
a question is coming in your mind that
what is the logic of 4 crore 90 lakhs,
why not 5 crores, then the objective of the insurance company behind this,
which is its theory, which is its
philosophy, is that if you
buy any base health insurance plan of ₹ 1 lakh,
buy Elevate or you buy Health and
Advantage, then you can make
your plan worth ₹ 1 crore by taking a one-time cover of 4 crore 90 lakhs, that is,
your cover is going to be 5 crores, so that is
why they have given
a top-up of 4 crore 90 lakhs with the
choice of deductible. So if
we talk about deductible, then here
you can also take a deductible of ₹ 1 lakh and you will have the options of deductible up to maximum ₹ 1 lakh.
Deductibles of 3, 4, 5, 75, 10, 15 and 20 lakhs will be available in it. The deductible of 75 lakhs matters,
it matters because
many basic health
insurance plans have a deductible of 75 lakhs.
If the sum assured is Rs. 75 lakh, then even with a
deductible of Rs. 75 lakh, the
total cover can be
made sufficient by taking a deductible of Rs. 75 lakh. No entry age
restriction: There will be
no entry age restriction here. The minimum age of a person will be 18 years,
but the maximum
age of a person can avail this plan. The
entry age of a dependent child will also be
30 years. A dependent will be considered up to 30 years.
You can avail a discount on the policy by taking a policy for 1 year, 2 years, or 3 years.
Now let me talk about
its other features. Domestic road
ambulance will be an inbuilt feature. It will not be an add-on and will be
covered in it. Home care
treatment up to Rs. 1 lakh will be an inbuilt
cover. Ayush treatment ambulance
services are a benefit provided in it.
Ambulance Services iCare is their app.
You can avail this benefit by going there.
Suppose you need an ambulance or there is an
emergency or any service.  If
you don't see any option,
go to IL Care and call the ambulance services.
Tele-consultation will be
covered inbuilt. A wellness
program has been kept within it. Let's
become a part of that wellness program by following some steps.
You
can get a discount of up to 30% on your renewal premium. Surrogacy
and O-Site: This is available in almost all the plans of ICC Lobardi. Whether
you talk about Health Advantage
or Elevate plan,
they have covered surrogacy and O-Site
and its maximum limit is kept at ₹ lakh.
You already know
that someone else's womb is used
for child birth, but O-Site is a
slightly different process, the
eggs are fertilized in someone else's womb
and
after fertilization, those eggs are transplanted
inside the original mother's womb. So this is
called O-Site. The treatment of O-Site is also going to be
covered up to ₹ lakh in this plan.
Next feature  Let's talk about
waiver of deduction. As I
told you in the beginning, this is a feature of this plan where
you can convert
your super top-up plan into a base plan between the age of 55 and 65 years.
You will have this
option, provided the policy is valid for 5 years
and
your age should be less than 50 years when you enter the policy.
Pre- and post-hospitalization
cover is very important
because there are so many expenses before going to the hospital
and even after returning from the hospital, there are
many expenses.
If we talk about post-hospitalization, I have
some such cases in
which the post-hospitalization
expenses range from ₹100 to even ₹1 lakh
because the medicines for cancer or critical
illness are so expensive. So, in this plan,
pre- and post-hospitalization have been made customer friendly. You will get a claim for
90 days pre-
hospitalization and 180 days post-
hospitalization. There is no
limit or sub-limit. Bariatric
surgery is as usual.  Earlier also it is covered in their plans, it will be
covered in this also, it is going to be covered after 2 years
and up to time shed is going to be covered,
modern treatment and day care
treatment are all covered, there is no limit or sub-
limit, if we
talk about modern treatment then you do
not have to take any sub-limit here, that is
because now in all the surgeries that are done
in Delhi NCR and metropolitan cities,
maximum customer patients also prefer
and doctors also prefer that
robotic surgery should be done because robotic
surgery is a little advanced surgery, there is
less blood loss in it and healing
also happens very fast, so there is no
capping on modern treatment robotic surgeries in this
and you have to check that whatever
policy you are buying, then there
should not be any capping on it, day care treatment is all
covered, all the considerations in all surgeries day care will be
covered, donor
expenses and domicile treatment are covered in this,
up to time shed is covered, there is
no limit of any kind, now let
me talk a little about eligibility, then the
insurance company  It has been said that if you
live in Delhi NCR then you will get a
minimum cover of ₹1 lakh. If you live in Mumbai,
Pune, Ahmedabad, Baroda, Surat, Gandhinagar,
Kolkata then you
can start with a cover of ₹1 lakh as well.
If we talk about its other features, then
medical eligibility comes under eligibility, so here
if your age is 55 years or more then
you will be given telecalling i.e. telemedical, you will be
pre-certified in all zones.
Before completing the video, we must see the premium
because insurance companies claim that it is a
revolution, it is unique, this is that,
but it is also important to check whether it
suits my pocket or not, whether it
comes in my budget or not
because first of all it is my budget, if
I do not have a budget then I cannot buy any
health insurance or any top-up
policy, so first of all let us check
how heavy this plan is going to be on your pocket, so
here an age of
33 years has been taken.  And
if we talk about two adults aged 32 years and talk about metro cities,
we will take the option of leaving a sum of Rs. 1
lakh and keep a deductible in it, if we compare it with Rs. 1
lakh then the premium for two adults will be Rs. 4800. It is
comparatively economical. If you
compare it with all the plans available then it is
not very expensive, almost
in the same range and there are many health insurance
super topper plans, so it will be quite cheap too
and GDR has been added in it, that is,
Guaranteed Deductible Reduction has been added as an
add-on. Now let
us take another example. Here we have
taken a 40 year old, which I always take,
husband, wife and two children have been taken,
here we will take a cover of Rs. 1 crore,
we have added a deductible in it, air
ambulance has been added in it, modern
treatment is already included in it, pre and
post hospitalization is added in it, the
premium will be only Rs.
5625. This is also quite economical. Let us
take another example.  Yes, here
we have taken an example of 49 years, let's take a small insurance cover of
two adults, take a sum of Rs 1 crore, take a
deductible of Rs 10 lakh, the premium will be
only Rs
4287. So if I talk about the premium, then premium
wise this is a very economic plan. If I talk about the premium, then premium wise this is a very economic plan. If
I talk about the fundamentals of the insurance company, which
I always say in all my videos,
before taking a health insurance policy, unique and revolutionary features are
secondary. First of all check the brand image of the company.
IC Lombard is a
company with a good brand image. It is the
largest and first general insurance
private company of our country. It is fundamentally strong.
If I talk about money, then it
is rich. They have a claim settlement ratio
and their hospital network is
also proper and
sufficient. So how did you like this plan?
What are your queries related to this plan?
What are your views? You
can ask me all that in my comment box. If you have any questions,
you can also call me. I will meet
you in my next video, till then
Jai Hind Jai Bharat.